Updating RELEASE.md to 2.11.0 (#170)
jfrog/teamcity-artifactory-plugin: RELEASE.md

## 2.11.0 (October 23, 2025)
-  Update build info url to be compatible with the Artifact version 7+ - https://github.com/jfrog/teamcity-artifactory-plugin/pull/166
-  Upgrading to Java version 17 https://github.com/jfrog/teamcity-artifactory-plugin/pull/168

> - Changing Spring Webmvc dependencny version https://github.com/jfrog/teamcity-artifactory-plugin/pull/169

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bug fix - Update build info url to be compatible with the Artifact version 7+ - https://github.com/jfrog/teamcity-artifactory-plugin/pull/166
- Upgrade to Java version 17 - https://github.com/jfrog/teamcity-artifactory-plugin/pull/168
- Changed Spring Webmvc dependencny version https://github.com/jfrog/teamcity-artifactory-plugin/pull/169
```
